# Privacy Policy

This app was created as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Chris McHugh at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform Google Play users regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

Information Collection and Use

This app collects no personal information. Any save data is stored locally on the user's device. All information is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app, the app may generate a file on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. I do not collect this data; it is only retained on your device.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
